**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [06/02/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                         | What will I do today?                                                                                             | What impediments do I have?                                                  |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Reviewed artifacts, organized logs, and prepared everything for delivery.        | Plan a meeting to agree on the PBIs that will be validated with the PO.                                           | Technical uncertainty with authentication and authorization, and little time for PI this week. |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on the technical evaluation, reviewed sprint artifacts and evaluations.   | Start reviewing PBIs and plan with the team.                                                                      | Technical evaluation.                                                       |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Technical evaluation (ReadMEs and some touch-ups to the code) and PI artifacts.  | Start reviewing this sprint's PBIs and clarify doubts.                                                            | Classes all day.                                                            |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Technical evaluation, database lab.                                              | Meet with the team to plan the sprint workflow.                                                                   | Limited availability, classes all day.                                      |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | X                                                                                | X                                                                                                                 | X                                                                           |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Reviewed sprint artifacts. Also completed the IS technical evaluation.           | Possibly meet to start dividing PBIs and determine how we’ll break down the work this sprint.                     | More tasks to complete and still uncertainty with authentication and authorization. |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [07/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                 | What will I do today?                                                                                                   | What impediments do I have?                                                       |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Reviewed Look & Feel agreements and collaborated on authentication.                     | Test authentication and search for documentation.                                                                       | I don't fully understand how B2C works, and there is little documentation since the service is being phased out. |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Reviewed UI standardization aspects and worked on authentication.                       | Start standardizing all pages and components related to our UI, and continue assisting with authentication.             | Technical uncertainty regarding auth errors.                                       |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Explored how to implement hybrid authentication in the frontend.                        | Read documentation, update the database script, and explore how to implement a trigger.                                 | Uncertainty about how to implement the trigger in the project.                    |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Tried implementing authentication using the hybrid model in the frontend.               | Proof of concept for authentication by switching the project to server-side rendering.                                  | Lack of knowledge on authentication and limited documentation available.          |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Reviewed backlog and unified error handling from other teams.                           | Implement unified error handling for people and users.                                                                   | Lack of time due to technical evaluation and other deliverables.                  |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Tried implementing hybrid authentication with Azure B2C.                                | Perform spikes on authentication with the hybrid model.                                                                  | Technical uncertainty with the authentication implementation.                     |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [09/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                       | What will I do today?                                                                                                 | What impediments do I have?                                                                   |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Asked questions to the advisors and reviewed/searched for B2C documentation.                  | Try to continue with the implementation of B2C.                                                                       | Technical uncertainty about B2C.                                                              |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Reviewed backlog and discussed aspects with the Look & Feel team.                             | Work on authentication and try to resolve doubts.                                                                     | I finish class late and there's a lot of uncertainty with B2C.                               |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Looked into database requirements for this sprint and how to implement them.                   | See if we can finish authentication and the database trigger.                                                         | Technical doubts and uncertainty about authentication.                                       |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Worked on frontend B2C authentication.                                                         | Continue working on authentication.                                                                                   | Technical uncertainty.                                                                       |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked on the error refactor PBI, reviewed backlog, and explored B2C-related aspects.          | Continue the error refactor and update the backlog. Meet with the team and validate standardization with the PO.      | Work overload from attendance tasks and other courses.                                       |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Auth spike and tried to find valuable B2C documentation using MSAL.                            | Meet with the team to see how we can move forward with other PBIs or do more spikes.                                  | We have too much technical uncertainty, and we haven’t been able to meet with the professors. |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [13/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                     | What will I do today?                                                                                                                | What impediments do I have?                                                                                   |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Checked which tasks to prioritize due to ongoing issues with different authentication attempts.             | Try authentication again to see if any progress can be made.                                                                         | Lack of documentation and problems we don't know how to solve.                                                |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on testing domain and service layers.                                                                 | Work on authentication with team members and adapt the code we already had to the one provided by the professor.                     | Doubts about adapting authentication and solving related errors.                                              |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on the database trigger to log general user changes (create, delete, update).                         | Work on authentication, backend for the trigger to list data, and the log window.                                                    | Uncertainty about what the PO wants for the log page. Also had issues implementing the trigger due to EF Core version. |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Discussed PBI priorities with the team (due to authentication being blocked).                                | Implement frontend authentication using the new design and connect with backend authentication.                                     | Lack of documentation.                                                                                        |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked on standardizing titles and texts in Look & Feel and in a user screen. Ran tests in domain/application and fixed issues in unified error handling. | I have a full-day personal commitment.                                                                                                | That commitment, which I cannot change or skip.                                                               |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Although we kept trying to implement authentication, we had a meeting about key technical decisions for the sprint. | Implement authentication using the new server-side-only approach.                                                                    | One blocker is that other groups need authentication, and we're just starting with a new model.              |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [14/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                  | What will I do today?                                                                                                                      | What impediments do I have?                                                                                  |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Continued working on authentication using the advisors’ example.                                          | Implement login with B2C to see if it works — it has been very difficult.                                                                | No documentation, new problems arise constantly, we try to fix some and others pop up.                       |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on authentication and adapted the project to the one provided.                                     | Work on tests for the different layers and reach the established coverage, also finish tests for missing entities.                        | Lack of knowledge about presentation layer tests.                                                             |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on the log page, authentication, and consulted the PO to validate how the log window should look.  | Finish tests for user and user role in the application layer. Work on tests for infrastructure and presentation layers.                   | Uncertainty about how to write tests for the presentation layer. I have a big exam soon and haven’t studied |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Implemented frontend authentication using the new design and connected it to backend authentication.       | Implement login with B2C.                                                                                                                 | Lack of documentation and technical knowledge.                                                                |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Had a full-day commitment.                                                                                 | Finish backend error handling and work on infrastructure tests, adapt tests to unified error handling.                                     | Work overload from other courses and assistance duties, limited time.                                         |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Implemented server-side authentication model and verified if the user is in the database.                  | Work on user permissions and prioritize the most viable paths we can take to continue progressing.                                        | Uncertainty about which path is most viable and successful.                                                  |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [15/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                 | What will I do today?                                                                                                 | What impediments do I have?                                                                                       |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | New tests on implementations and storing data in the database.                         | Plan how to register permissions and restrict access.                                                                 | Issues with Kiota and permission management from other groups.                                                   |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Finished the minimum required tests.                                                   | Polish frontend aspects and standardization. Work on authorization-related tasks.                                     | Pressure from other groups and lack of time.                                                                     |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on application and presentation tests, and also on error handling.              | Update the UI of the log page and create test emails for the frontend.                                                | Questions about the log UI.                                                                                      |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Implemented a prototype to register a user using B2C and store data in the backend.     | Handle user redirection when lacking view permissions, and implement logout.                                          | Pressure from other groups to implement authorization, and errors in main that slow down testing.               |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Errors and tests.                                                                       | Implement pagination for user log from backend to frontend.                                                           | Limited time and complicated family and mental health situations.                                                |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Tried using custom policies, but it didn’t work, so we continued working with claims.   | Work on access to different buttons based on permissions and attempt to implement logout.                             | The biggest blocker is time — we only received the new authentication model on Friday, so we have to decide quickly. |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | [16/06/2025]  |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 2             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                      | What will I do today?                                                                                                  | What impediments do I have?                                                                                       |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Followed authentication instructions, continued working on auth and general reviews.                         | Share the authentication with instructions and make improvements.                                                      | Still facing some authentication issues.                                                                          |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on pagination, error correction, and standardizing more UI aspects (fixes).                            | Coordinate with the team for the authentication release.                                                               | Issues with authentication and workload overload.                                                                 |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Reviewed auth progress, created several test accounts and configured them in the database. Also updated the user audit window for L&F compliance. | Try to include roles in the log and also update the database script.                                                   | Need to study for an exam and have classes all day.                                                               |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Implemented auth service in the frontend and the logout button.                                               | Check user attribute verification before B2C registration.                                                             | Pressure from other groups, limited time left in the sprint.                                                     |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Implemented pagination in the user audit (log) page.                                                          | Review the auth documentation for other teams, plan the retrospective, and review roles.                               | Overload from other courses and assistance duties, limited time due to family care.                              |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Finished capturing user permissions to enable buttons and completed details on the log page.                  | Finalize authentication details and push it to main.                                                                   | There are still auth details we’d like to implement, but we don’t have time and there’s pressure from other teams. |

**Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Discuss with the database team about updating the database (required permissions and stored procedure).

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* X
