## Daily Scrum Report – Sprint 3

| Data          | Details        |
| :------------ | :------------- |
| **Date**      | [06/26/2025]   |
| **Team Name** | Sprinters      |
| **Sprint #**  | 3              |
| **Duration**  | 15 minutes     |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                        | What will I do today?                                                                                         | What impediments do I have?                                                                                              |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Worked on IS, Databases, studied software patterns, and reviewed some B2C docs.  | Try to start with auth and also progress on assignments from other courses.                                    | Many assignments from other courses, little time to dedicate to Sprint 2.                                                |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro         | Worked on AS3 and conducted unit tests for staff in pair programming.            | See if we can move forward with authorization or reduce workload by completing more tasks.                     | Classes until the evening and an overload of assignments from other courses.                                              |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Supervised activity with my teammate. Tested User Audit in application and infra layers. | Review auth documentation and work on the technical evaluation.                                                | Full day of classes and need to finish an article for my AI project.                                                      |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Supervised activity; we only worked on tests because the remaining PBIs depend on Authorization. Tagged Sprint 2 in the repo. | Start refactoring authorization and address critical Sonar issues.                                              | Lack of time due to classes.                                                                                              |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked on the supervised activity, testing staff. Also worked on the backend for the technical evaluation. | Work on the technical evaluation to finish the backend with tests and progress on urgent assignments from other courses. | Many assignments from other courses, especially databases. Less time and energy due to family situation.                 |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on the supervised activity, conducting tests in both domain and application layers. | Review documentation for authorization and work on assignments for other courses.                               | Too many individual tasks at the end of the semester have made it hard for us to get started.                             |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

### **Inter-team Meeting**

* X

---

## **Daily Scrum Report**

| Data          | Details        |
| :------------ | :------------- |
| **Date**      | [07/02/2025]   |
| **Team Name** | Sprinters      |
| **Sprint #**  | 3              |
| **Duration**  | 15 minutes     |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                      | What will I do today?                                                                                                               | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                        |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Meeting to see if we could advance with the auth refactor.                                                    | Meeting to discuss the project publish and request a session with the advisors for guidance as we have some pending questions.      | We depend on the publish, which has not yet been completed. Although we have collaborated to move faster, it hasn’t worked fully.  |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro         | Meeting with team members to discuss authorization.                                                           | Meeting with technical advisors to resolve questions and review aspects related to AI.                                               | Heavy workload, dependencies on other teams’ progress, and unresolved doubts about authorization.                                 |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Reviewed authentication.                                                                                      | Work on the technical evaluation and see if I can make progress on AI tasks.                                                         | We still lack clarity on AI and how to implement it.                                                                               |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Worked on token enrichment for authorization.                                                                  | Review possible implementation of authorization in backend/frontend and meet with the team responsible for publishing the project.   | To work in parallel, the application needs to be published. Related PBIs on AI have also been blocked.                            |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Meeting with Sprinters about authentication, managed to include user information in claims, and prepared questions for advisors. | Work on the technical evaluation and attend meetings with Sprinters and professors regarding authentication.                         | Technical blockers with deliverables as we depend on others’ work. Very limited time due to other course deadlines and attendance. |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on frontend authorization, modifying registered apps.                                                   | Verify next steps with technical advisors and continue work on assignments from other courses.                                       | Blockers in both authorization and AI, as we require the app to be published and advisor consultations.                            |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Publish
* AI



## **Daily Scrum Report**

| Data          | Details        |
| :------------ | :------------- |
| **Date**      | 07/04/2025     |
| **Team Name** | Sprinters      |
| **Sprint #**  | 3              |
| **Duration**  | 15 minutes     |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                     | What will I do today?                                                                                               | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                     |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Worked on the technical evaluation to get it out of the way and start with authentication and its refactor.                  | Meeting to refactor authorization.                                                                                   | Technical uncertainty and potential issues with the refactor due to previous failed attempts during testing.                  |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro         | Worked on the technical evaluation (ET2) and reviewed tests.                                                                  | Meet with team members to address the authorization topic.                                                           | Heavy workload due to technical evaluations.                                                                                   |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Reviewed backend tests.                                                                                                       | Finish the AI tool using the README provided by the SQL group.                                                       | None, though there is some uncertainty around MCP and how to connect the tool with the Copilot agent.                         |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Added Azure endpoints for user registration, duplicated app registrations in Azure to test new features without disrupting others. | Work on new authorization policies in the backend and add them to endpoints. Apply auth refactor in the frontend.    | High workload from the PI and other subjects.                                                                                  |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked on tests and the second technical evaluation (ET2).                                                                    | Meeting with the team to discuss authentication topics.                                                              | Limited time and energy due to personal matters.                                                                               |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on the IS technical evaluation and checked what was next for the PI.                                                   | Meet with the team to work on backend and frontend authorization.                                                    | Possibly time constraints since we hadn’t been able to start earlier because of technical evaluations.                        |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* X

### **Inter-team Meeting**

* Publish

---

## **Daily Scrum Report**

| Data          | Details        |
| :------------ | :------------- |
| **Date**      | 07/08/2025     |
| **Team Name** | Sprinters      |
| **Sprint #**  | 3              |
| **Duration**  | 15 minutes     |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                             | What will I do today?                                                                                                           | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                              |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Worked on the publish topic through meetings and checked progress made.                                                               | Perform tests on auth to ensure nothing breaks.                                                                                 | The publish process is very slow and consuming time that shouldn’t be part of Sprinters’ responsibilities.                              |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro         | Worked on tests, attended team meetings, and validated with the PO to change the homepage of the website.                             | Verify any missing aspects, review test results, apply homepage changes, and review PRs.                                        | Delay in delivering the technical evaluation.                                                                                            |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Gave feedback on the new homepage design.                                                                                             | Review remaining tests in PBIs and add any missing documentation.                                                                | None.                                                                                                                                    |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Coordinated and communicated with other teams to integrate authorization changes into main.                                            | Finalize user registration details and assist with publishing the final version before the Sprint Review.                        | The teams responsible for the publish (PQL-SQL-CPD) have taken too long and require constant support from us.                            |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Reviewed the backlog and worked on tests.                                                                                             | Continue reviewing tests and PBIs in the backlog.                                                                                | Some family-related issues.                                                                                                              |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on the register feature, refactoring fields and user input validations. Also reviewed both the registration flow and page authorization, and participated in the publish meeting to review errors. | Assist in finalizing tasks and ensuring everything is ready for the Sprint Review.                                               | Even at the end of the sprint, there are still uncertainties regarding the publish.                                                      |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Delayed publish

### **Inter-team Meeting**

* Publish