**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/12/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 10            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                          | What will I do today?                                                                                            | What impediments do I have?                                                  |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Review PBIs to plan how to start working.                                         | Propose a division of work with the team.                                                                        | Review scheduled tasks for attendance.                                       |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Reviewed the new PBIs and carried out intra/inter team evaluations.               | Have PBIs ready to start planning the work.                                                                      | I get out of class late.                                                     |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Defined some initial PBIs to later review with the team and validate with the PO. | Thoroughly review the PBIs, maybe start dividing the work and note any questions for the PO & technical advisor. | I have classes all day.                                                      |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Identified new EPICs for the Sprint, updated git guidelines                       | Refine PBIs                                                                                                      | I have to meet with the rest of my team and there is not enough time         |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Spoke with the Look & Feel team to coordinate a meeting. Reviewed PBIs.           | Review PBIs and meet with my team.                                                                               | Lack of time due to other course deadlines.                                  |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Reviewed PBIs and their acceptance criteria.                                      | Finish PBIs to validate them with the PO and add them to the backlog.                                            | Time constraints, since each teammate has their own tasks for other courses. |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Base structure for validations
* Standardize messages

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* Validate PBIs with the PO
* Await Look & Feel guidelines

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/15/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 10            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                            | What will I do today?                                                                                                          | What impediments do I have?                                                                                              |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Met with my team to work on refactoring and discussed directory restructuring.                      | Work on the next PBI from the list with the team.                                                                              | We need to fix some warnings, but we don’t know how, so we need to consult Erik.                                         |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Met with team members to do refactoring, check that documentation was correct, and remove warnings. | Meet again with team members to start working on the PBIs for this sprint.                                                     | I get out of class late.                                                                                                 |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Made changes to the logical design of the database.                                                 | Validate the database changes with technical advisors. Start this sprint’s PBIs. Update the tables and script in the project.  | I have classes until 9 p.m.                                                                                              |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Worked with the team on one of the refactoring PBIs for this sprint.                                | Review and incorporate new Git guidelines, and continue the workshop to improve my technical knowledge.                        | Communication with other teams, lack of time.                                                                            |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Met with the Look & Feel team and worked on mockups for possible interfaces, including templates.   | Meet with the Look & Feel team again, validate some things with the PO, and meet with my team to review the email refactoring. | My Look & Feel team and I haven't yet refined the interface ideas. Meetings have been quite late, and I go to bed early. |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on the refactoring PBI and reviewed the PBIs in the backlog.                                 | Meet with the team to continue refactoring the email and fixing errors.                                                        | Not all team members can connect at the same time, and our meetings have been very late.                                 |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Validate a new adjustment in the database.
* \[ ]

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* \[ ]
* \[ ]

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/17/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | \[1]          |
| **Duration (minutes)** | \[15]         |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                       | What will I do today?                                                                                                                                    | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Watched some videos about using B2C to prepare a short spike for the meeting scheduled for the next day.       | Team meeting to assign PBIs, and try to begin implementing authentication and create a new script with mock data to populate the user table for testing. | A design project is taking up a lot of my time, plus evaluations from other courses are also consuming time, so it's been difficult to make progress on the PBIs. Additionally, I'm unfamiliar with how to use Azure Active Directory B2C. |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | X                                                                                                              | X                                                                                                                                                        | X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Updated the tables in the dev database. Deleted the old tables and replaced them. Watched the workshop videos. | Will attempt to implement the PBIs that require B2C. Also, we will coordinate which PBIs each of us will work on in this sprint.                         | TCU trip in the morning, so I only have availability in the late afternoon/evening.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Updated Git guidelines, consulted with CA about SonarQube, and caught up with recorded sessions.               | Begin PBIs involving B2C, communicate with Ambassadors about issues in Look & Feel, and request an extension for the database server.                    | Limited time due to attendance and projects from other courses.                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Created some Look & Feel mockups and briefly reviewed the backlog.                                             | Meet with the team to assign PBIs and implement authentication. Work further on mockups to prepare for a Look & Feel meeting tomorrow.                   | Team meetings have been a bit late, and communication with Look & Feel has been somewhat slow.                                                                                                                                             |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Reviewed authentication documentation and pull requests.                                                       | Meet with the team to try implementing the authentication PBI and divide the remaining PBIs among team members.                                          | It’s been difficult to meet as a team due to responsibilities from other courses this semester. Also, there’s still some uncertainty around the authentication implementation and PO validation for PBIs.                                  |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Azure Active Directory B2C is not allowing us to log in.

**Cross-Team Meeting**

*
* \[ ]

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/19/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                                           | What will I do today?                                                                                                                          | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                                                                                   |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Worked on my PBI with my team and we got it ready for validation with the PO.                                                                      | Look into the authentication issue to try to make progress. Also, validate some things with the PO and check if any changes are needed.        | We’ve never used Azure Active Directory before, which is causing problems because we don’t know how to use it correctly, and the domain also doesn't allow it.                                |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on the assigned PBI with my teammates and completed it.                                                                                     | Work with my transversal teams (CA and L\&F), meet with them, and validate things with the PO and technical advisors. Work on additional PBIs. | I have classes until late. There’s still uncertainty because we lack technical knowledge in some areas. Also, we’ll be given a technical assessment in IS that will require significant time. |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked with my teammates to complete the "delete user" PBI. The front-end was also created.                                                        | Validate some database aspects with the PO, including how “UserNames” are stored. Ask technical advisors about authentication.                 | I have class until 9 p.m. The PO might not have time to address our questions.                                                                                                                |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Worked on the front-end codebase.                                                                                                                  | Start working on the PBIs.                                                                                                                     | Lack of time (today).                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Met with the full group for frontend work and with my team for the delete PBI. Also met with the L\&F team to agree on a flow and some prototypes. | Prototype validation meeting with the PO.                                                                                                      | Lack of time due to workload from all courses. Feeling stressed with the limited time before the sprint delivery.                                                                             |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Met with the team to work on the frontend of the project.                                                                                          | Start my PBI with my teammate, and we’ll also review the PBIs with the PO.                                                                     | Validation with the PO is pending. Some PBIs can't be advanced due to authentication issues when we tried to register.                                                                        |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* \[ ]

* \[ ]

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* \[ ]

* \[ ]

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/21/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 10            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                                     | What will I do today?                                                                                                         | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                          |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Finished working on an assigned PBI and got it ready for proper testing; also made some updates to the backlog.                              | Work on another PBI with my teammate to finish everything related to roles and users on our end.                              | We haven’t been able to make progress on the login because we didn’t have access, and there are still some doubts regarding testing. |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Discussed technical aspects with my transversal teams and reviewed PRs.                                                                      | Work on my PBI with my team member and meet with my team.                                                                     | A lot of pending work.                                                                                                               |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on and completed the PBI for assigning roles to users (including unassigning roles and displaying the roles assigned to each person). | Work on and complete the PBI for viewing permissions assigned to a role with my teammate. Possibly review B2C with the group. | Not sure if everyone will be available to meet and review authorization.                                                             |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Worked on the PBIs for deleting roles and listing users, finalized the Git guidelines for the sprint, and reviewed a couple of PRs.          | Work on the remaining PBIs, possibly continue tests for Value Objects and B2C authentication.                                 | There's a lot of work to do, and some tasks must be prioritized.                                                                     |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Met with my teammates for the "delete role" PBI. Reviewed PRs.                                                                               | Review the remaining PBI with my teammate and maybe check authentication with B2C. Work a bit on Look & Feel guidelines.      | I've been busy and stressed with all the assignments and projects these past weeks.                                                  |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on the "delete role" and "list users" PBIs, as well as domain tests. Also did a quick backlog review.                                 | Work on the remaining domain tests and on the login PBI with the rest of the group.                                           | Since we planned that PBI for the past weekend, I’m not sure we’ll have enough time to finish and test all remaining PBIs.           |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Organize code into folders
* Organize endpoints by tags
* PRs can be reviewed by members of any team
* Lack of knowledge in login implementation

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* \[ ]

* \[ ]

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/26/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                                       | What will I do today?                                                                            | What impediments do I have?                                                                            |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Implemented user-related windows and started working on Add User.                                                                              | Complete the Add User since it’s currently showing errors, and check the progress on other PBIs. | Issues with Kiota and B2C.                                                                             |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Worked on PBIs related to frontend-backend windows and testing via Swagger.                                                                    | Continue working on frontend-backend integration, windows PBIs, and perform corrections.         | Technical uncertainty regarding backend-frontend connections.                                          |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on the PBI for displaying user details and the user modification page.                                                                  | Work on the backend for the user modification window and check if we need to update the backlog. | For now, just waiting for the update of the UserWithPerson DTO to make progress.                       |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Tried to add authentication and authorization to the backend, excluded Sonar from build\*, helped with the user list window.                   | Try to complete B2C implementation in the backend and support the PBIs related to user windows.  | Lack of technical knowledge and limited time.                                                          |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked on the user maintenance window PBI from user details and reviewed Look & Feel aspects.                                                  | Work on the remaining PBIs and fix reusable components.                                          | Limited understanding of the work my teammates are doing in Look & Feel and inefficient communication. |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Tried to implement the frontend functionality for create and list, reviewed the backlog, and made a temporary checklist for the sprint review. | Finish implementing the create functionality, trying to solve the current issues.                | Time constraints, lack of communication in Look & Feel, and commitments with other groups.             |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* Add PBIs to reflect recent work.

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* Coordinate with the database transversal group to determine when to push the new tables to `main`.
* Meeting with the PO
* Look & Feel components
* Printed backlog
* Error handling

---

**Daily Scrum Report**

| Data                   | Details       |
| :--------------------- | :------------ |
| **Date**               | \[05/27/2025] |
| **Team Name**          | Sprinters     |
| **Sprint #**           | 1             |
| **Duration (minutes)** | 15            |

### **Member Log**

| Name                        | What did I do yesterday?                                                                                                                                     | What will I do today?                                                                                                                   | What impediments do I have?                                                                                                                                                                           |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Andrés Murillo Murillo      | Worked on backend tasks that were still pending and connected it to the frontend, which was complex because we had to work a lot on the backend.             | Work on error handling in the frontend and polish some interface elements. We will also try to standardize UI aspects with other teams. | Lack of ready-to-use standardized components, and issues with B2C authentication due to a lot of technical uncertainty.                                                                               |
| Gael Alpízar Alfaro         | Met with my team to work on backend-frontend connection and focused on the most relevant PBIs for the sprint.                                                | Review pending aspects of PBIs and continue working on the remaining frontend components.                                               | Technical uncertainty on how to build standardized components, especially in a new technology like MudBlazor.                                                                                         |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu          | Worked on the user modification window.                                                                                                                      | Work on the PBI for creating students and staff with their institutional emails and displaying them in the list.                        | No specific impediments, just limited time.                                                                                                                                                           |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas | Implemented backend authentication with B2C.                                                                                                                 | Work on the remaining PBIs for staff and student or on error handling.                                                                  | Very little time left in Sprint 1.                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez  | Worked with the team on the entire project—backend and frontend—building interfaces, connecting, testing, updating the backlog, reviewing PRs, among others. | Work on interface testing, sprint planning and review preparation, backend tasks, and artifacts organization.                           | Standardization has been very difficult due to lack of clarity on how components should look or how to move from prototype to real page. I've felt tired and stressed because the workload was heavy. |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López  | Worked on backend tasks since we realized many things needed refining, and worked on several frontend connections.                                           | Finish pending frontend connections and complete backend work for the Student and Staff classes.                                        | We still have several implementations left, but there's no time to finish. We also had to deduce many interface components because the transversal team did not implement the standardization.        |

### **Side Bar Topics (ST)**

* \[ ]

* \[ ]

**Cross-Team Meeting**

* \[ ]

* \[ ]