# Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint 1

### Daily Scrum 1

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 12/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | #C prendió ++      |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                | **What did I do yesterday?**                               | **What will I do today?**                        | **What impediments do I have?**               |
| ------------------------| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| Angélica Vargas         | Added PBIs to backlog and completed workshop.              | Look and feel meeting.  | Lack of knowledge of blazor.  |
| Ericka Araya            | Added PBIs to backlog.                                     | I need to catch up on the workshop.                       | Lack of knowledge of blazor.     |
| Eleni Gougani           | Added PBIs to backlog and workshop.                        | Spike of blazor.          | Lack of knowledge of blazor.               |
| Luis Fonseca            | Added PBIs to backlog and spoke with PO about priority. Defined more git rules.                              | Refine acceptance criteria with PO.                  |    Lack of knowlodge of blazor.        |
| Sebastián Arce          | Added PBIs to backlog and workshop.                  | Think about a proposal for the interface.                | Coordination and communication between teams, and  lack of knowledge of blazor.                      |
| Marcelo Picado (absent) |                            |           |                     |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Interface proposal.
- Refactor of internal IDs between teams.

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Need to add the frontend codebase.
---

### Daily Scrum 2

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 15/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | #C prendió ++      |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**  | **What did I do yesterday?**                                | **What will I do today?**                        | **What impediments do I have?**               |
| ----------| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| Angélica Vargas   | Started to define a standard for Look & Feel (L&F).                   | Meeting with the L&F team. Meeting with the PO with that same group to clarify things.                | Interface decision.                |
| Ericka Araya    | Addressed warnings in code and catch up with IS. |Blazor spike. Work on PBIs related to IDs.                     | I don’t understand Blazor.   |
| Eleni Gougani    | Watched IS videos.          |  Begin to start automatic IDs, standardize endpoints.     | Group standardization. |
| Luis Fonseca    | Refined the delete functionality with the PO, and sent a pull request for the existing warnings.            | Finish refining other PBIs with the PO.   | PBIs haven't been fully validated with the PO yet.      |
| Sebastián Arce   | Stayed up to date with L&F progress.               |Finish the workshop.                    | Interface decision.                    |
| Marcelo Picado | Group meeting. | Interface spike.  | Lack of familiarity with the tools.  |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Achieve standardization across all groups.
- L&F: Reach an agreement among all teams on the interface to be used.

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

---

### Daily Scrum 3

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 19/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | #C prendió ++      |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**  | **What did I do yesterday?**                                | **What will I do today?**                        | **What impediments do I have?**               |
| ----------| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| Angélica Vargas   | Meeting for the frontend codebase. Automatic IDs for components.                    | Match attributes across teams.                     | Interface. Coordination with the Buildings and Learning Space teams.                  |
| Ericka Araya    | Meeting for the frontend codebase. Automatic IDs for components.     | Match attributes across teams.                     | Interface. Coordination with the Buildings and Learning Space teams.   |
| Eleni Gougani  (absent)  |                       |                |       |
| Luis Fonseca    | Watched workshop videos. Refined the delete functionality.        | Finish watching the workshop videos. Implement the general delete.   |Still no interface template available.      |
| Sebastián Arce   | Completed the workshop. Blazor spike.                 |Start working on the PBI. Session with the CA team.                       | Interface.                     |
| Marcelo Picado  | Workshop. | Still need to finish the workshop. Start working on the PBI as soon as possible.  |  Interface. |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- How to match attributes between teams.

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Data script.

---

### Daily Scrum 4

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 21/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | #C prendió ++      |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**  | **What did I do yesterday?**                                | **What will I do today?**                        | **What impediments do I have?**               |
| ----------| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| Angélica Vargas   | Look & Feel meeting, started MudBlazor installation. Automatic IDs. | Finish automatic IDs.              | Triggers.          |
| Ericka Araya    | Automatic IDs. Updated our attributes with the ones from the other teams. | Solve triggers for automatic IDs. Code documentation.                     | Triggers.  |
| Eleni Gougani    | Automatic IDs.        |Finish automatic IDs. Code documentation. Organize code into folders. Separate functionalities in Swagger.                | Triggers.   |
| Luis Fonseca    | Orientation unit tests.    | Area2D and ID unit tests. | Interface.     |
| Sebastián Arce   | Orientation unit tests. Base setup for Sonar.                |Remaining tests. Code cleanup.              | Interface.    |
| Marcelo Picado | Orientation unit tests.| Remaining tests. | Interface. |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Understand triggers.

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Begin with mudblazor and its components.

---

### Daily Scrum 5

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 26/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | #C prendió ++      |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**  | **What did I do yesterday?**                                | **What will I do today?**                        | **What impediments do I have?**               |
| ----------| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| Angélica Vargas   | PBI for listing the components, solved inheritance in the frontend and made components in mudBlazor. | Keep working with PBI for creating a component. Code documentation. | Kiota inheritance problems.         |
| Ericka Araya    | PBI for listing the components, solved inheritance in the frontend. | Keep working with PBI for creating a component. Code documentation.                     | Kiota inheritance problems.  |
| Eleni Gougani    |PBI for listing the components, solved inheritance in the frontend. Made data script.        |Keep working with PBI for creating a component. Code documentation.               | Kiota inheritance problems.  |
| Luis Fonseca    | PBI of details for a component, implement getSingleComponent and the PBI for deleting a component in the interface.      | Begin with the PBI for updating a component. And code documentation. | Kiota inheritance problems.    |
| Sebastián Arce   | PBI of details for a component, implement getSingleComponent and the PBI for deleting a component in the interface.                |Begin with the PBI for updating a component. And code documentation.             | Kiota inheritance problems.   |
| Marcelo Picado | PBI of details for a component, implement getSingleComponent and the PBI for deleting a component in the interface.  | Begin with the PBI for updating a component. And code documentation. | Kiota inheritance problems. |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Kiota inhertance problem.
- Define styles for interface components.

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Define styles for interface components.
