# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [10/04/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 10/04/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                                                                                                          | **What will I do today?**                                                                                                                                                           | **What impediments do I have?**                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Completed the US for modifying users using the format defined in the backlog. Also assigned tasks to the team. We had a meeting with the SMs to align on the product vision. | Define the technical tasks for each PBI and estimate time. Also propose a meeting with SMs and other teams to agree on the main README and push the whole repository.                 | Understanding C# has been challenging. Communication between teams is disorganized. Also, organizing and creating the main README has been complicated.                                                          |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Added and refined the "read" user story in the backlog.                                                                                                               | Begin development of the different layers of the project with the Clean Architecture (CA) team.                                                                                      | Waiting for all teams to validate and approve the base structure following Clean Architecture is delaying progress and may lead to inconsistencies.                                                              |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Added and refined a user story in the backlog, following the format defined by the transversal backlog team.                                                         | In the next meeting, we'll implement changes to the conceptual database schema based on previous agreements.                                                                        | Lack of knowledge about database implementation has caused confusion. However, we’ve consulted the professor to clarify doubts, so it’s manageable.                                                              |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| X                                                                                                                                                                    | X                                                                                                                                                                                    | X                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Met with the look & feel team and created a document and README with UCR-based design guidelines.                                                                    | Add the completed README to the project Git repository.                                                                                                                              | Difficulty understanding C# and project tools. Sometimes GitHub is confusing, and general communication in the group is lacking.                                                                                  |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Shared important backlog details and added/refined user stories in the backlog.                                                                                      | Refine the backlog, add technical tasks to the backlog README, and polish technical tasks in Sprinters' issues.                                                                    | Lack of communication with teams that had no representatives in the transversal backlog group, resulting in incorrectly created issues.                                                                         |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- SQL database implementation

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- README integration into the project

---
# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [28/04/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 28/04/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                            | **What will I do today?**                                                        | **What impediments do I have?**                                                       |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Worked on database scripts with mock data.                                               | Meeting to review the PBI.                                                       | Issues with Visual Studio 2022.                                                       |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Worked on the dummy implementation of my "read person" PBI.                              | Work on the other PBI.                                                           | Problems with Visual Studio.                                                          |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Worked on tables and database scripts with mock data.                                    | Ask technical advisors about database implementation issues in Visual Studio 2022. | Difficulties implementing the database in Visual Studio 2022.                         |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| Contributed to the user codebase.                                                       | Implement the rest of my PBI.                                                    | Lack of time.                                                                         |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Worked on workshop and meetings.                                                        | Review the backlog and assigned tasks, plus attend meetings.                     | Lack of time and motivation.                                                          |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Worked on backlog templates and their review.                                           | Work on my PBI with my team member.                                              | Scheduling coordination.                                                              |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Merge from main into the codebase  
- Review scripts  

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Script design  
- Review of the Product Vision with the P.O.

---

# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [30/04/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 30/04/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                                 | **What will I do today?**                                               | **What impediments do I have?**                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Created the final version of the database with all entities and generated the table structure. | Start working on the highest-priority PBI we have.                      | Syntax issues and uncertainty about proper structure following Clean Architecture (C.A.).                                      |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Met with team members to build the codebase and define declarations.                          | Work on my PBI with my team member.                                     | Some doubts about how entities interact at the code level.                                                                     |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Worked with a teammate to integrate SQL scripts into the project by adding them to the database tables. | Clarify database doubts with technical advisors and start a PBI.         | Didn’t know how to insert data into the database. The advisor said this will be explained in class.                           |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| X                                                                                             | X                                                                       | X                                                                                                                             |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Reviewed the backlog and assigned PBIs, and checked current code.                            | Start with high-priority PBIs and meet with teammates.                  | Confusion about sprint progress, how components from other teams interact, and use of camelCase vs. PascalCase.                |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Worked on the PBI and also made some contributions to the codebase.                          | Continue working on the PBI and meet with my PBI teammate.              | Had some doubts while coding, so small spikes are needed.                                                                      |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- C# syntax spike  
- Database script implementation  

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Clarification of agreements by the Clean Architecture transversal group  
- Database and implementation

---

# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [04/05/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 04/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                                                                  | **What will I do today?**                                                                                                                                           | **What impediments do I have?**                                                                                                         |
|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Worked on my two PBIs, corrected errors, and did some manual tests. They're almost ready for full testing.                    | Review all implemented work to ensure it meets the acceptance criteria and verify if it can be manually tested in Swagger.                                          | Trouble with unit testing since we haven't covered how to do it properly in class.                                                     |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Worked on details of my PBIs, especially SQL-related parts, and ran tests in Swagger.                                         | Review PBIs, verify functionality, make corrections if needed, add documentation, and run manual tests in Swagger.                                                  | Unfamiliar with some aspects of my teammates' PBIs or how to implement other testable scenarios.                                      |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Resolved conflicts with `main`, implemented delete person with database integration, and created a pull request.              | Ensure all team PBIs work properly and fix any necessary changes.                                                                                                   | I don’t fully understand the logic behind PBIs I didn’t work on, and I’m not confident about the testing requirements.                 |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| Worked on my PBI, cleaned up repo files, wrote communication guidelines, and coordinated with other teams for project planning. | Verify code integration of my PBI with my team’s work and include Git-related technical decisions in the README.                                                   | Need to ensure Git-related decisions are properly documented and applied.                                                              |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Worked with my teammate on the delete person PBI.                                                                              | Work on modify person PBI with my teammate. Also, work on the look and feel guideline document and upload it.                                                       | I'm not very aware of the work being done by other teams.                                                                              |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Worked on the create person PBI, connecting it to SQL. Also met with the product backlog group.                              | Review documentation and test the PBI, and check the completeness of the backlog.                                                                                   | Communication and commitment from other teams is needed to ensure the backlog is accurate and complete.                              |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Full team meeting to review everything implemented so far

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- X

---

# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [05/05/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 05/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                                                           | **What will I do today?**                                                                                                                  | **What impediments do I have?**                                                                            |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Performed manual testing for my PBIs and participated in a general review meeting.                                     | Finish reviewing PBIs, including documentation, and check pull requests.                                                                    | Issues connecting to the database server.                                                                  |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Worked on Modify Person PBI, did manual Swagger tests on team PBIs, and had a meeting with team members.              | Carefully review the PBIs to ensure everything is correct.                                                                                  | Script errors in the project.                                                                             |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Manual testing was carried out for the team's PBIs. Some project warnings were also reviewed.                                                                                                                    | A final check was done on the database and its designs — both the conceptual and logical models.                                                                                                                                          | Communication with the transversal team was weak.                                                                                                         |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| Performed PBI integration tests and worked on the communication README.                                                | Remove code warnings and verify implementation of Value Objects.                                                                            | Broken scripts were pushed to the repo.                                                                   |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Uploaded the Look & Feel guidelines and met with the team to review PBIs.                                             | Add feedback messages to Modify Person so it meets the acceptance criteria.                                                                 | Lack of time and confusion with testing.                                                                  |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Worked on the Create Person PBI.                                                                                       | Perform manual tests on the Create PBI, document in the backlog, and add a table of contents to the backlog guideline.                      | Broken scripts being pushed to main cause wasted time tracking down the errors.                           |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- X

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- Lack of communication with some teams.

---

# [Sprinters] Daily Scrum Logs

## Sprint [0]

### Daily Scrum - [06/05/2025]

| Data                  | Details            |
|-----------------------|--------------------|
| **Date**              | 06/05/2025         |
| **Team Name**         | Sprinters          |
| **Sprint #**          | 0                  |
| **Duration (minutes)**| 15                 |

#### Member Log

| **Name**                   | **What did I do yesterday?**                                                                                                            | **What will I do today?**                                                                                                                     | **What impediments do I have?**                                                                                                         |
|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Andrés Murillo Murillo     | Implemented input format validation for some PBIs and held meetings to verify manual test completion for each PBI.                     | Finish reviewing all PBIs to ensure they meet acceptance criteria. General meeting to move tasks to "Done" in the backlog.                  | Limited time to submit PRs and disagreements on how to handle error management at the team level.                                     |
| Gael Alpizar Alfaro        | Fixed some feedback messages in my PBI and re-verified team PBIs.                                                                      | Re-review the PBIs to ensure all functionalities and formatting are correct.                                                                | New change limit prevents merging PRs.                                                                                                 |
| Elizabeth Huang Wu         | Not much due to having class all day, but we asked the PO about the PBIs and possible suggestions or changes for the next sprint.      | Check that the PBI works well with the Azure database and document the tests on GitHub.                                                     | Nothing can be pushed to `main` after 10 PM today, so there’s no room to delay tasks.                                                  |
| Esteban Isaac Baires Cerdas| Facilitated communication with other teams about Value Object refactoring, code optimization, and removing warnings from the PBI.       | Remove final warnings from team code, and review + submit PR for the project conceptualization.                                              | Other teams are pushing a lot of changes today, which might accidentally break things in `main` and affect our code.                  |
| Isabella Rodríguez Sánchez | Worked on the Modify Person PBI with my teammate.                                                                                       | Review PBIs and move them to Done. Add tests to the Modify Person issue.                                                                   | Don’t know how to provide feedback messages with `DateOnly` without changing the JSON format.                                          |
| Gypsi Tatiana Páramo López | Worked on tests and code fixes for the Create Person PBI and backlog guidelines.                                                        | Finish adding tests to the backlog and do the final tests for the Sprinters' PBIs.                                                           | Not sure if the drafts in the backlog will also be evaluated by the technical advisors.                                                |

#### Side Bar Topics (ST)

- Error handling  
- Spike on tools to help with error handling  

#### Inter-team Meeting (optional)

- X
